Non-working link to "Faceting in Open Refine" (#1465)
carpentries/instructor-training: _episodes/12-homework.md

    Remember, imperfect presentations can generate useful feedback!
    If you have not yet selected an episode to focus on and would like a recommendation, consider one of the following:
    *   Data Carpentry

>         *   [Faceting and Clustering in OpenRefine](<{{ site.dc_site }}/OpenRefine-ecology-lesson/01-working-with-openrefine>) #broken link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        *   [Faceting and Clustering in OpenRefine](<{{ site.dc_site }}/OpenRefine-ecology-lesson/01-getting-started/index.html>)) #broken link
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        *   [Exploring Data with OpenRefine](<{{ site.dc_site }}/OpenRefine-ecology-lesson/02-exploring-data/index.html>))
```
